You are the security captain of Yingfeng Building
Yes, Mrs. Chongdu, what are your orders?
Is Chen Hui here?
Chen Hui
Here he goes to the back door
I came with a woman.
It seems to be called Mu Xinghe.
Where are they now?
It should be in the Tianzi Realm on the second floor now.
With several young masters of the four major families in Hongcheng
You take someone there right now
Arrest all those bastards for me
Remember to ensure the safety of Qinghe
You kid can get the appreciation of Taikun Guida
The whole picture is limitless.
Thank you Li Shao for your compliment
Isn't this relying on a few big brothers?
Hahahaha
If you can really bring your uncle down
replace
A few of us
I'm afraid I'll call you big brother in the future
Hey no no no no no
I promise as long as this deal goes through
All the business of the four major families in Red City will be
unobstructed
OK
Okay, that's about it.
We'll go meet
The legendary envoy of Senluo Temple
General Ye, the god of war of the Southern Jin Dynasty
I just heard that Kameda Taijun called and said
General Ye came this time to ask for help
Let's see what tricks he can pull
Four sons
I'll take him back first
Get up and go home
I said get up.